[ON RADIO] Phoenix
Squad, this is Overwatch.
Say again?
Overwatch,
this is Phoenix.
Phoenix squad in his tunnel.
Bypass tunnel up next.
Requesting sitrep.
Overwatch in position.
Eyes on four guards.
Two on Gate Wall.
Two on the ground up front.
Watchtower empty.
Compound is quiet.
Copy.
Overwatch, hold position.
When the call comes,
who goes first?
Rooftop Guards.
The ones on the ground
won't see them go down.
What's the order of shots?
Pudgy guard on the left first.
Why?
He's closer to the door.
Which means closer to the alarm.
Gives me time to hit both
before they can reach it.
Overwatch, this is Phoenix.
Initial contact made.
One hostile down.
ETA, one minute to junction box.
Looping cameras.
Looks like Primary Target
is in the office.
Copy. Office. Moving up and out.
Overwatch, this is Phoenix.
Go for Overwatch.
Phoenix Squad
out of the tunnel.
Green light. You're cleared hot.
Engage targets. Clear the way.
Copy, Phoenix. Going hot.
Here we go.
First target.
Execute.
Zondi? Send it.
Impact center, tall man.
Impact center.
Zondi, breathe.
Stay focused.
In control. No emotion.
You take the left.
I'll take far right target.
- Ready.
-Fire.
You missed.
Wait for it.
No!
Phoenix, this is Overwatch.
Targets down.
Clear to enter compound.
Copy, Overwatch.
Hold position. All teams go.
Do not allow them
to sound the alarm.
- Charlie Team. Garage is clear.
-Copy.
Alpha team heading to the office
in search of primary target.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Sorry I didn't check.
Shake it off. Let's keep moving.
Clock's ticking.
Delta Team.
Munitions Room clear.
Copy.
Delta, hold position.
Shit.
Alpha team
in pursuit of hostile.
On route to primary target.
Alpha team engaged.
Hold positions.
This is Kovalov.
We have trespassers
in my house.
Show them
what we do with intruders.
Overwatch. Alarm triggered.
Be on high alert.
The weapon. Take me to it.
Alpha team
pursuing primary target.
It's not ready.
It hasn't been tested.
Eyes on. Tell me what you see.
Watchtower,
sniper and spotter.
Contact.
Bravo, Kovalov and Maxim
are between us!
Box them in.
We can't just
sit on the sidelines.
Hold position.
You hold.
I'm going to get in the game.
Hilo!
Damn it!
Modise! Is that really you?
This is your last chance,
Ryker Kovalov.
- There's no way out this time.
- You're the one without an exit.
If I don't kill you,
Prime Minister Diaz will.
You'll never
get out of Costa Verde alive.
You came all this way
for nothing.
Tangos coming in!
Alpha falling back!
Bravo clear to engage.
They're close.
The lab is above us.
What do we do?
Modise said hold, so we hold.
Distance, 928. Wind, 6.8.
928.
Wind, 6.8.
What's the math?
13 degrees descending.
No adjustment.
You take the spotter.
I got the sniper.
On my signal. Send it.
This is Kovalov.
We had a deal, Prime Minister.
Send your militia!
Send everyone.
Do you hear me? Everyone!
Is this it?
- Grim Reaper?
- Yes.
But as I said, it...
Will it work?
Theoretically, yes, but...
it hasn't...
Wait. Wait. The weapon
is currently omnidirectional.
I need to focus its trajectory
or we're all in danger!
How long?
- How long?
- Give me a second!
Hilo in position, on your six.
Bravo, fall back!
Alpha engaging!
Time's up, Maxim.
Hands up! Let's see 'em!
Go, go, go.
- It's over, Kovalov.
-You're right, Modise.
It is over, for you.
Wait, no!
Master Gunnery Sergeant
Brandon Beckett.
Not in
the US Marine Corps anymore.
Just Brandon Beckett.
Save the modesty.
You're the Brandon Beckett.
Best shot in the world.
I've been known
to hit a target or two.
Commander Bongani Modise.
Good to meet you, sir.
Apologies, but I'll need
a briefing on the op
along with whatever country
we're standing in.
I've been on six planes
in the past 36 hours.
Passed through airports
with no customs, so,
I can only assume that whatever
country we're standing in
does not know I'm here.
Walk with me, Beckett.
So, without knowing the mission,
you got on a plane
at short notice.
Colonel Gabriel Stone
deployed me to assist you.
What he says goes.
I'm just
a Marine following orders.
Ah, Gabriel and I go way back.
Now he leads the CIA's
most lethal Black Ops team.
That's right. He's the boss.
But I was sent
because officially,
the CIA can't be involved.
Not on this one.
Believe me, I know.
Brandon Beckett,
Nadia Abrams
and Casanova Diaz.
Welcome to Costa Verde.
Diaz...
Costa Verde...
Bruno Diaz was my father.
And I know
you were framed for his death.
Yeah. Sorry for your loss.
Nova was 100%
behind you joining the mission,
but your endorsement came from
another very trusted source.
All right, let's get going.
My father was killed
for the good he was doing
in this country.
Then my uncle, Roman Diaz,
took advantage of the pain
and anger of the people
and used it to rise to power.
Then he sold my country
to the highest bidders,
to people like Ryker Kovalov,
"The Death Broker."
Kovalov has a deal with
the Prime Minister
of Costa Verde.
He is allowed to make and sell
weapons without interference,
as long as he provides arms
to the Prime Minister's
personal army.
I belong to a group
that is fighting back,
the Phoenix Rebellion.
Bringing Kovalov to justice
is what Costa Verde needs
in order to demonstrate
that we can rise from the ashes
and reclaim what is ours.
When Nova discovered
Kovalov's headquarters,
I parked a satellite overhead.
Kovalov only checks in
once a quarter to pick up
Maxim's latest weapon,
but two nights ago,
we picked up the heat signature
of a UH-60 chopper
touching down
in the compound courtyard.
So, we're hitting
their base of operations.
Timetable?
Forty-eight hours.
It's gonna be tight.
I need time to do recon.
Topography checks,
drone analysis.
Already done.
You just need to do
what you do best.
Pull the trigger.
Sir,
the trusted source
who recommended me
for this assignment?
That was my old man, right?
Yeah, I know about your father.
He's a legend.
But no, I've never met him.
It was our mutual friend, Rozie.
Rozie? Who the hell is that?
"Thunderstorm's coming..."
"Time to grab my boots..."
"And go dance in the rain."
Ezekiel Rosenberg.
I didn't expect
to find you in this place.
This is where you've been
the past month.
Vanish on me
without saying goodbye.
Yeah, had to keep this one
close to the vest.
Modise called with
an opportunity
I couldn't pass up.
Since he arrived here,
Rozie's been telling me
how I couldn't pull this off
without you.
And as you know...
What, that he can be
a persistent pain in the ass?
Oh, I know.
Well, then he can be
your tour guide.
Rozie, show Beckett around.
I'll see you guys inside.
Yes, sir.
- "Rozie"?
- Okay.
Only Modise gets
to call me that. Come on.
Had to keep this one
close to the vest, huh?
Why's that?
It's the one that got away, B.
It's my white whale.
Ryker Kovalov.
Modise has been
after him for years,
chasing explosions across Africa
all the way to America.
That when you met him?
Mm-hmm.
I was with Homeland at the time,
but there was an entire
global network after this guy.
Once Kovalov
crossed into the US,
Modise thought
we could take him out together.
Then what?
Kovalov was able
to operate within the US
because I was stuck filling out
paperwork and going
- through proper channels.
-  Yeah.
By the time
we got the green light,
he was gone.
You never told me
about this before.
Twice I could've
stopped this guy, B.
I should've stopped him.
But I missed.
It happens, man.
I've never seen you miss.
I've missed plenty.
I just try to figure out why,
reload, fire again.
Come on, let me show you around.
Why now?
What makes Kovalov
more vulnerable than before?
About a month ago,
Nova discovered
Kovalov's personal, in-house
weapons designer,
Mauser Maxim,
operating here in Costa Verde.
And what can
you tell me about Nova?
He's a tech genius.
Basically, the Intel Pete
of Costa Verde.
Just, you know, less snarky.
He was able to trace
dark web payments
from the Prime Minister's
shell corporations to Kovalov.
He then followed the money
to Kovalov and Maxim's compound.
And Nova reached out to Modise,
who put together the op.
Exactly.
Nova knew he had the resources
to pull this off
under the radar.
Hey, team.
Modise is a damn patriot.
You're gonna love him.
Modise is so highly regarded
in the SSA,
he's able
to pick his own assignments.
And this is our squad.
Code name, Efile Noma Ephila.
Dead or Alive.
We take our enemies
dead or alive.
The mission is completed
whether we live or die.
Modise handpicked 10 individuals
from agencies
all over the world.
This is Anele.
But you can call her Angel.
Don't be fooled
by her name, though.
She fights without fear.
She was Modise's
first pick for the team,
and she is
his second-in-command.
This is Hera.
This is Hilo.
Jumeaux Hache. The Axe Twins.
Now you've already
met Nadia and Nova.
You'll meet
the rest of the team later.
I've been here
training with these guys
ever since the Colonel
loaned me out a month ago.
We had to
all come in here piecemeal,
one at a time,
in order to avoid suspicion.
And you, my friend,
you're our final piece.
Ladies and gentlemen,
this is the Brandon Beckett.
The 2017 Fusco job in Yemen.
Did you really do that solo?
The hell are you
talking about, huh?
That was a six-man op.
I'm telling you,
it's what I heard.
Don't forget the Tangiers
2.4k shot before then.
2.4 kilometers?
Impossible. No?
How many confirmed kills
do you have, huh?
What's the count?
I just count the number
of assignments I complete,
not the number of bullets
it takes to complete them.
And that's
the exact kind of attitude
we want from our mentor.
This is Thabo Zondi, our sniper.
Zondi was a hard hand
in the South African
National Defense Force.
He never missed during training.
But with limited assignment,
he's, uh, still green.
- How green?
- Huh?
Kill count, zero.
Which is where you come in.
With all due respect, sir,
I am no tutor.
And I don't need one,
but I am interested
in proving myself.
That right?
I've got what it takes.
Let me show you what I can do.
It doesn't matter.
That is the assignment.
Enough of this meet and greet.
We have shit to do.
The more you sweat in training,
the less you bleed in battle.
Thermals tell us
there are 20 to 25 warm bodies
on the ground.
Expect them to be
packing heavy artillery.
We'll catch them early morning
when they are tired
and starting to decompress.
The compound
has an escape tunnel.
Their exit will be our entrance.
We will use it to access
the compound undetected.
It will drop us into a cellar
where Kovalov
keeps the hatch hidden.
Nicely done.
Now run it again.
Only this time,
grab your NV. Go!
Kovalov's mad scientist,
Mauser Maxim,
is a weapon's designer,
so we need to be prepared
for whatever
they might throw at us.
Pack your gas masks,
Cipro, Doxy, Levo
in case of exposure
to Anthrax or nerve gas.
Once the Primary Target
is acquired,
we will seize whatever
weapons and intel we can
and double time it
back to the tunnel.
We will then head
to a private dock
where a fishing vessel
will be waiting.
And we'll remain below deck
until it reaches
international waters,
where I have people standing by
to receive us.
The Primary
and Secondary Targets,
dead or alive?
Kovalov and Maxim are
more valuable alive than dead.
That being said,
if they draw down on you,
you're cleared to neutralize.
In honor of our connection
with the Phoenix Rebellion,
on this assignment,
we are Phoenix Squad.
And there will be five teams
within the Squad.
Alpha Team, Nadia and Sello.
You're with me.
We'll be hunting
the Primary Target, Kovalov.
Rozie will lead Jansen and Jedd
on Bravo Team.
Find and secure
the research laboratory.
Make sure none of
Maxim's god-forsaken
inventions of death go off.
Hera and Hilo,
you are Charlie Team.
Secure the garage.
Dismantle any vehicles you find.
Make sure no one can get away.
Don't worry, they won't
get past the Jumeaux Hache.
Nova, you're with me
on Delta Team.
We will secure Munitions Room
until it is safe
for you to mine data.
Nova, hit dirt. You're dead.
We need to keep
a low profile on this, people.
Kovalov is protected
by Prime Minister Diaz,
who has a sizable militia
he uses to do his dirty work.
If word gets out
on this raid,
the 20 guards become
a hundred armed militia.
Why aren't the Phoenix Rebellion
going in with us?
Because if we fail,
they're the last hope
to turn this country around.
He's right.
Calling them in
is the last of all last resorts.
Now the final team on our squad,
keeping an eye
on all of us from above...
Overwatch.
Zondi and Beckett.
Nicely done.
Between you and I,
how many confirmed kills
do you have?
That first kill
is the only one that matters.
That's the toughest.
The first time I had to kill,
I wasn't sure if I was
going to be able to do it.
You get all these questions
that start
running through your mind.
Am I clear to kill this man?
Is it justified?
But you don't have time
to answer these questions.
The target answers them for you.
Because if you don't
pull that trigger, he will.
And he will kill you
or one of your squad.
And you may be taking a life,
but you are saving another one.
So, you pull that trigger.
Good work today.
Let's grab some chow.
I'm telling you,
mine is much worse.
You gotta trust me on that.
Tu es fou!
Listen, if my bullet was just
one centimeter to the left...
That's ridiculous!
...I would be
a very different man.
Sorry, brother,
getting a toe shot off
is way worse
than a bullet to the thigh.
- Thank you!
- Way worse!
Thank you! Thank you! Yes!
-It's a pinky toe.
-Hey, hey, hey.
A pinky toe helps
to stabilize balance.
- He's got a point.
- Yes! Thank you, brother.
- Yeah, yes!
-Whoa! Whoa!
Neither of you
compares to Angel.
Wow, what is it?
Two missing pinky toe?
What are they talking about?
-Let's hear it.
-Tell it!
Angel would tell
the story better,
but I know she will not.
I, on the other hand,
would be delighted to.
-Yes!
-We want to hear it!
Yes! Let's go!
- Come on.
-We want to know.
So, a few years ago,
this man Moses Mogale
set a petrol station on fire.
He wanted
to blow the whole thing up
and take a crowd with him.
Angel, who was SAPS at the time,
uh, the street level police,
she took one look at this madman
walking through a sea of fire.
And she jumped in.
And the man
was armed to the teeth.
And he repeatedly
stabbed Angel with a knife.
- Did that stop her?
-No!
She fought with this man
until eventually,
surrounded by an inferno
with 11 stab wounds,
Angel knocked this man out.
Unconscious.
Wow!
- Whoo!
-Damn.
Where did he stab you?
Come on, show us.
- Yeah. We wanna see.
-Let's see it. Prove it.
Show us!
Come on.
Let's see it now.
-Come on.
-Show us. Show us.
Okay, okay, relax. Relax.
Oh, shit!
- Holy shit.
- Okay.
The champion.
- Damn.
-That's for real.
- Wow.
- Okay, put it down.
The moment
I saw the story in the news,
I knew
I had to meet this warrior.
So, how's that, uh,
missing pinky toe looking?
Oh, come on.
That's not fair.
What happened?
Did it go to market?
I gotta ask,
if you two
aren't siblings, then, uh...
Where did, uh, Jumeaux Hache
come from?
Everyone asks.
I was, uh, French Armed Forces.
I was Canadian Armed Forces.
Posted to
a UN peacekeeping mission
along the Lebanon border.
I was part of Operation Ultra,
Canada's division
of the UN mission.
One day, both our units
are assigned a routine patrol.
When a suicide
car bomber exploded
near our armored
personnel carrier.
-Killing everyone.
- Except us. We went for cover.
- We got trapped.
- Inside a decaying building.
With dozens of
Al-Qaeda-inspired militants
chasing after, eh.
Once we ran out of bullets,
all we had left
were our tactical hawks.
We had to, uh, cut our way
out of the situation.
Once you've been through
something like that together...
You become family.
The Axe Twins.
So, uh, your secret
CIA Division, it has merch?
What, you got a gift shop?
They're for members only.
I've been hunting before,
you know.
I'm sure.
But I need to see
that you can take a life.
No matter the size.
My uncle used to take me,
after my father was KIA.
Mm.
You said you come
from a family line
of freedom fighters?
My grandfather was a part
of Umkhonto we Sizwe,
the paramilitary wing
of the ANC, under Mandela.
He was killed in '86.
My father enlisted
into the SANDF
as soon as he was able.
He died in combat,
under Modise's command.
I'm sorry to hear that.
When I enlisted,
there were many who knew my name
because of my father
and grandfather.
They died fighting
for their country.
There's no greater death.
I hope to go out
the same way, too,
and add to their legacy
as patriots.
What are you working on?
It's nice.
It's for my daughter.
From the fairy tale,
The One-Eyed Monster.
You ever heard of it?
Can't say that I have.
When's the last time
you saw your daughter?
It's too long.
Damn it.
The music help you concentrate?
I'm sure sound is extremely
important in the field, but...
I work much better
when all I hear is my music.
It drowns out
the noise of the world.
What's your music of choice?
Remixes.
Something like classical
meets EDM.
Hell of a combo.
I know.
My mom got me into music,
so I guess I have to thank her
for my eclectic taste.
She got me piano lessons, but,
I insisted in playing
a different keyboard.
Learned to code,
started writing it,
then started hacking it.
Became a digital soldier.
I would like to think that she
was still very proud of me.
Nova...
the prime minister, your uncle?
Yeah?
He's gonna see this as treason.
If you stay,
your freedom, your life,
it's gonna be in jeopardy.
This is my destiny.
Using my skills to continue
the work my dad started.
Ridding Costa Verde
of corruption.
For myself, for my siblings,
for the people of Costa Verde,
for my father.
If that's treason,
then it's a price
I'm willing to pay.
Efile Noma Ephila.
Ladies and gentlemen,
soldiers...
tomorrow we remove
a threat to humanity.
We will stop Ryker Kovalov
from ever selling a weapon
or taking a life again.
We take him dead or alive,
and we complete the mission
whether we live or die!
Here, we're foreigners
in a hostile land,
and tomorrow, we'll be
completely on our own...
but we are all we need.
Because we are
Efile Noma Ephila!
Get some rest.
We move at midnight.
Zero told me that you've been
after Kovalov for a long time.
Is that why you're gonna be
boots on the ground tomorrow?
Gonna take him down
face to face?
Questioning my strategy,
Beckett?
No, sir. I'm...
I'm just saying...
I know you have a family.
There is no shame in supervising
this op from afar.
A leader knows the way,
goes the way, and shows the way.
Leadership is an action,
not a position.
Understood.
How is Zondi?
Is he ready?
He will be.
I got one last lesson for him.
What exactly are we doing here?
There.
By the door.
That's your target.
Take him out.
You want me to shoot him?
I want you
to eliminate the target.
It's locked and loaded.
Who is he?
You're a soldier.
You have your orders,
now follow.
I don't even know who he is.
This is one of Kovalov's guards.
You take him out now,
that's one less we have to deal
with during the raid tomorrow.
- Is that true?
- It doesn't matter.
When a superior orders you
to take a life, you follow it.
You don't need a reason
because you trust your superior.
Now, what's the distance?
200 meters.
Switch him off.
What are you waiting for?
You have your assignment.
Now shoot!
Well done, Zondi.
Who is he?
No idea. Let's head back.
What the fuck was that?
A test.
It's called
a stress fire exercise.
And I failed.
No.
You passed.
A lifetime ago,
when I was a jarhead, I failed.
Couldn't pull the trigger.
First time at least,
but I learned.
And then you worked for the CIA
before joining G.R.I.T., right?
Sounds like you've been
a little all over the place.
No matter where I go,
I am a Marine.
Like my father.
Was your father a general?
No. He never wanted that.
Do you?
You should be running ops,
and you know it.
The entire squad
looks up to you.
You heard the way they spoke.
They saw you as a legend
before you even
walked in the door.
You have their respect,
and they would follow you.
As I'm sure others would.
Why haven't you stepped up?
There's a big difference
between following an order,
putting your own life
on the line,
and giving that order,
putting someone else's life
on the line.
When things go south,
that blood is on your hands.
Beckett, Zondi, it's time.
We're rolling out.
You said to trust
a superior's orders, right?
Well, trust is earned.
And if you've
earned their trust,
then a soldier putting
their life on the line for you
is their choice, not yours.
How's the kid doing?
We'll find out in a few hours.
Hmm.
How about you?
You ready to take down
your white whale?
More than ever.
Okay.
Let's get to work.
Hey, Beckett.
What is, uh, your walk-out song?
- My what?
- Your "walk-out" song.
You know, when, uh, athletes go
in the stadium,
they have that, uh, badass
song playing
to make them, uh, pumped up.
What do you listen
to before battle, eh?
I'll... I'll put it on.
Mine is "Welcome to the Jungle,"
Guns N' Roses.
"R.E.D." Halluci Nation.
Mandoza, "Nkalakatha."
"Gossip Folks," Missy Elliot.
"Eye of the Tiger" by Survivor.
"War," Edwin Starr.
"Hit Me With Your Best Shot."
I'm a Swiftie myself.
What?
Don't. You guys,
she's a fucking legend.
So, how about it?
I dig all kinds of music, but...
I'll take a little peace
and quiet before battle.
Maybe
"The Sound of Silence", huh?
Just my preference.
It's go time, Shooter.
I'll forever
be grateful, Commander.
I'm glad
you included me on this.
Rozie...
If I did not include you,
you would have been a nuisance
for the rest of my life.
Oh, so you just
brought me in on this
'cause you didn't want
to hear me complain?
And because I know you want
Kovalov as badly as I do.
I won't let you down, sir.
This is Overwatch.
Requesting sitrep.
Hera here. Here at the...
Hilo. Check in.
Anyone inside. Check in.
Hera,
Overwatch coming to you.
Who the hell are you?
Captain-fucking-Ahab.
On your feet. Now!
Delta Team.
Sitrep on all squads.
Overwatch entering compound.
Heading to garage.
Commander Modise here.
Alpha and Bravo are with me.
All guards have toe-tags.
And both targets are in hand.
All teams meet
at the rendezvous point inside.
You could have been killed!
Yeah, but I wasn't.
You worry too much.
What happened?
The entire compound shook
like there was some kind
of an earthquake.
Is everyone okay?
- Yeah.
- We're all gonna die.
Maxim is just pissy
because his little toy failed.
Kovalov got his hands
on some sonic wave weapon
and pulled the trigger.
We were tossed back,
but I think
we walked away unharmed.
It doesn't matter.
You'll all be dead soon enough.
A hundred armed men
are on their way here right now.
Bullshit.
How do you think
the Prime Minister feels
about you cutting
off his weapon supply,
and lightening his pockets, huh?
You taking me away
takes away from him.
His militia are coming.
Even if you did get
a call out to Diaz,
we have an hour
before the militia reaches us.
You think
I didn't plan for this?
We'll have everything we need
and be out of here
by the time they arrive.
All right, listen up, everyone.
First up,
we need the information
off the hard drives in the lab.
We need to know everything
about the weapons
they've created
and who they sold them to.
Second--
- Modise?
-Modise?
Modise?
- Modise?
-Modise?
Bongani!
Answer me.
It worked.
What the hell is this weapon?
- Chaos.
-Shit!
Goddamn it!
How do we stop this?
You can't.
What the hell is going on?
No, no, no, no. Nadia?
Jansen! Jansen?
No. No, no, no! Sello!
Jedd! Jedd!
No.
Hilo!
I told you to hold.
Why didn't you hold?
Everyone is dead.
How is this possible?
What the hell is going on?
They were all in the room.
When the weapon was fired.
Were you?
No, I was in the hall.
A piece of ceiling fell on me
after the explosion.
You were out
of the blast radius.
That probably saved your life.
Why weren't you in the room?
After Alpha went in,
a guard came out of nowhere.
I had to neutralize him.
Bravo team
was supposed to secure the lab.
Make sure none
of those weapons went off.
Hang on.
How was I supposed to stop it?
I don't even know
what the hell it looks like.
You follow your
commander's orders,
and you do the assignment.
No matter the obstacle.
You weren't there!
Guys, guys, guys,
what are we gonna do?
Huh?
We have to go.
Half of our team just died.
I realize that.
But we don't have time to mourn.
We have a hundred militia
on their way here right now.
Modise would have wanted us
to take the fallen soldiers
home to be buried.
How do we do that?
We take them
to the vehicles.
We dismantled them.
There's no way
to fix them in time.
Okay, well, what about taking
them out of the tunnels
- we came in?
- Angel.
We can't carry them all.
Are you gonna choose
who we leave behind?
- We are leaving no one.
- Okay, okay, okay.
Beckett,
what are we going to do?
Beckett...
what do we do?
How can a weapon
have such a delayed effect?
Well, yeah,
that was Maxim's job.
To create the next phase
of weaponry.
Clearly, this was some
kind of technology
we've never seen before.
Hmm.
I can't believe
this is happening.
These weapons...
I couldn't stop it.
And Modise...
I let him down, B.
No, you didn't.
Because we're gonna
finish this assignment.
We gotta do something.
Make sure
this never happens again.
...a little housecleaning?
Look like cowards?
Huh? Is that
what we're gonna do?
- Just walk away?
- Yeah.
Just put everyone away
and be cowards?
We're better than this.
I know you're angry,
but there's no vengeance
to be had when
the killer's already dead.
Okay.
Let's all take a breath.
Who put you in charge?
No one, Angel.
But my mind is clear.
Is yours?
We have to stay calm. Focused.
As tough as that might be
right now.
Hera, Zondi, Angel,
take our teams
to the tunnel for now.
Zero, Nova, you're with me.
I need to see this weapon.
Computer still has juice.
So, this is it.
Kovalov had no idea how powerful
Maxim's creation was.
This is a kind of next-gen
weapon Kovalov is known for.
The device uses microwave
frequencies
to disrupt brain function.
I remember Modise talking
about a similar weapon
that Kovalov sold
to North Korea.
That's right.
I think like two dozen soldiers
got sick when they tested it.
It was developed further in 2021
and sold to Russia.
130 protesters developed
symptoms like dizziness, nausea,
headaches, and blackouts
when it was used on them.
And this is the next phase.
Maxim amplified the technology
to make it lethal.
Ay, Dios mío.
It gets worse, guys.
Maxim was actually working
on making it
handheld and silent.
You guys,
we have to destroy this weapon.
Before we destroy it,
we need to understand it.
If this incoming militia
gets a hold of this tech,
Roman Diaz is gonna build it.
If that happens, the world
needs to know how to stop it.
All right, you heard the man.
Nova, grab the hard drive.
Let's go.
Have you seen all these servers?
I cannot just throw them
onto my back.
Okay, uh,
what about the vehicles?
I mean, from what Hera said,
they're inoperable.
Either way,
there's not enough room
in any vehicle to throw this in.
Sorry.
B?
What are you thinking?
Modise said
he parked a satellite overhead.
Nova, can you get
into it from here?
I mean, it's...
it's possible, yeah.
If we can't carry
that system out,
then we transfer all the data
up to the satellite
so we can send it to agencies
around the world.
So, we start the upload
and then we bug out.
We upload it,
then we destroy it.
We leave nothing behind.
Okay, but that kind of upload
is gonna take time,
and time is something
we don't have a lot of.
We can never
let this information
fall into the wrong hands.
So, we hold. We fight.
That is suicide.
We need to triple our squad
and get some serious firepower.
This is a fight we cannot win.
If we can't win,
then we die trying.
Efile Noma Ephila.
- Remember?
- We're severely outnumbered.
I know.
What the fuck are we gonna do?
Are you mad? Do you want
to stay here
and listen to this man?
Just listen to him.
Everyone, ease down.
This is Modise's final order.
You get that intel
off those hard drives.
Weapons Maxim created.
Who Kovalov sold them to,
how to stop them.
If we can see that through,
we'll save countless lives.
Now that to me
is a fight worth fighting.
Now, I can't make
any of you stay.
But if you do...
I will show you
how the six of us become 60.
Because this is where we fight.
This is where we make our stand.
All right, Beckett.
What's your plan?
We were an off-books mission,
so there is no
EVAC team standing by.
Nova will reach out
to his Phoenix squad.
Modise said calling them
is the last of all last resorts,
but that is where we are at.
Paz, this is Nova.
We need your help.
We'll hope they get
here before the militia does.
In the meantime,
we get ready for war.
Let's gather whatever munitions
we can find,
see what we have to work with.
It isn't much.
Then we'll have to get creative.
I got word that a caravan
of vehicles is heading our way.
It has to be militia.
How far out?
Thirty minutes,
give or take.
Hera, take position
near the garage.
Angel,
you're on the east rooftop.
Zero, south rooftop.
Zondi,
you're lead sniper on this.
Post up in the tower.
We'll create sectors of fire
with overlapping coverage
from each angle.
We will turn this courtyard
into a militia graveyard.
Where will you be?
On the ground,
in the thick of it.
So, let's watch
the friendly fire, people.
Even with our
courtyard kill box,
eventually those bodies
are gonna overwhelm us.
So, we need to lure
them deeper into the facility.
There we can create
secondary kill zones,
where we can spread them out
and take them out,
a handful at a time.
Nova's gonna stay in the lab,
working on that upload.
We'll protect that room
at all costs until he is done.
When he confirms it's done,
we'll cut the power inside
and go dark.
We get to those tunnels,
get the hell out of here.
We rendezvous
at the private docks
where Modise's boat
is waiting for us.
Remember,
we are Efile Noma Ephila.
We take our enemies,
dead or alive.
And the mission is completed...
Whether we live or die.
How are we looking?
Fifty percent. It's--
It's gonna be close.
I know these missions
can get messy.
Bad things can happen.
So, it's okay to be
a little rattled.
A little scared.
We do the job anyway.
This is your
last line of defense.
The hallway is rigged with cubes
of Semtex plastic explosives,
connected to this burner phone.
You hear danger come and you
dial the first saved number.
I labeled it "Hallway."
Do not dial
the second saved number.
That's connected
to the charges in this room.
We dial that number when we're
in the tunnels out of here.
- Understood?
- Yeah.
What's that one labeled as?
"Run."
Angel...
Are we good?
Yes. We are good.
Beckett made the right call.
Staying.
Fighting.
It's what Modise
would have done.
You and I are the same,
you know?
Except that I didn't get stabbed
11 times by a lunatic
in an inferno.
I, uh...
I was NYPD when the towers fell.
So many people
were running away.
And I ran forward.
Tried to help
as many as I could.
See, people like us,
we run towards danger
if it means helping others.
An operation like this is won
or lost in preparation.
We also have to be
prepared to adapt.
To adjust.
To do whatever it takes.
We're gonna
get through this, Angel.
Your daughter's gonna
see her mother again.
Okay.
Let's get to our positions.
Tell me what you see.
I see a good vantage point.
I see the squadron position.
I see all the ways
that this could go sideways.
But I also don't see
another way.
How do you feel?
Prepared.
And how did it feel?
How did what feel?
I wasn't as fazed about it
as I thought I would be.
What does that say about me?
It's your mind prioritizing.
Protecting itself.
Knowing that you'll save lives
by taking another.
Keep your powder dry, kid.
What does that mean?
Something my dad
used to say to me.
In the old days, it meant,
"Keep your gunpowder dry."
So, it actually would
ignite when fired.
Nowadays it just means,
"Stay ready."
Satellite thermals
on the incoming militia caravan
show 80 to 90 warm bodies.
There's so many of them.
Everyone,
if you're not already there,
get to your spots.
Are you really gonna be
on the ground out front?
Leadership's an action.
Not a position.
How we doing, team?
This wait is the worst.
For a moment there,
I almost checked in with Hilo.
When we first connected,
I became someone different.
Lighter.
And now that he's gone...
I don't even know
who I am anymore.
You are
who you've always been, Hera.
Honorable fighter
who never quits.
Hilo knew the risks. We all do.
He told me once...
"Soldiers aren't
built to retire."
Squad...
we're gonna complete
this assignment.
For Hilo. For Modise.
And for all of them...
Because that's our job.
We fight without fear.
We pull that trigger
so other people don't have to.
So they can sleep peacefully,
not having to know about
these monsters in the dark.
Today we're fighting
for the freedom of Costa Verde.
And the only thing
more important
than fighting
for your own freedom
is fighting for someone else's.
Three hundred meters
from the front gate...
Lock and load.
Stay ready, watch your six.
We'll get through this.
These fuckers have no idea
what's about to stop them.
[ON RADIO] Wait for it.
Lay down the smoke.
Hold your fire.
I'm going in.
Beckett, take cover.
Smoke is clearing.
Ready, squad. Make it rain.
Yeah. Of course
she set a guy on fire.
Who wouldn't?
This is Hera.
I'm EVAC'ing the garage.
I'm on the move.
Hera!
Go! I got your six!
Fuck!
You guys chose
the wrong woman to chase.
Phoenix squad,
incoming technical.
Back there.
Take out the tower, now!
Zero, crossfire on technical.
Zondi, stay down.
This is Angel.
Leaving rooftop.
Heading to secondary kill zone.
Shit!
A dozen more just came in.
Everyone fall back
to secondary kill zones.
Yeah. Secondary kill zone. Copy.
Angel!
Are you good?
Yes, I'm good.
Yeah.
Okay, let's go.
Come.
I'm dry.
How many shots you got left?
Enough.
Let's split these guys up.
- Kitchen, office.
- Sounds like a plan.
Shit!
Hey, fellas.
Fuck.
Come on!
Sorry, kid.
Any last words?
You just said them.
Lordy!
God! This is exhausting.
B, how are we doing?
Beckett here.
I'm heading your way.
Drop it!
Nova, how much time?
Almost complete. 98 percent.
But I hear someone coming.
Dial the saved number one.
One. Hear me?
Nova. Sitrep.
Nova. Come back.
Nova, I'm heading to you.
Anyone near the office?
I'm pinned down!
Shit!
I'm coming to you, B.
Frag out!
All clear.
Hey. Nova here. Got good news.
Upload complete.
I say again, upload complete.
Going dark.
Ten, nine, eight, seven,
six, five, four...
Oh, no.
-...three, two, one...
-
Hera here. NV is dead.
Anyone close to the bunks?
I'm coming to you, Hera.
I can't see shit.
Beckett?
Hera's down.
I say again, Hera's down.
Nova, where are you?
Just left the lab.
Charges set.
Got burners to blow when clear.
Everyone get to the tunnels.
Mission complete.
On my way.
Nova, stay inside.
Do not cut through
the courtyard, understand?
Do you copy?
God damn it.
How the hell
did that get through?
Luck, I guess.
Mine finally ran out.
Nova, get down!
I got you. I got you.
Upload... Upload complete.
You're gonna be okay.
Listen to me, Nova.
We're gonna get you out of here.
We're gonna get you bandaged up.
You just hang on.
Speed dial two, right?
You did it, Nova.
The Phoenix Rebellion will rise.
And the true Diaz name
will always be remembered
because of you.
Thank you for showing the way.
Get ready!
Lab detonation
in three, two, one.
We can't hold here any longer.
Beckett.
Are you okay?
There's only about a dozen
or so militia left.
Head to the tunnels.
I'll lay down cover
so you all can escape.
You go. I'll stay.
Your family died with honor
on the battlefield, Zondi.
That is their legacy.
Not yours.
You are not dying
on my watch, kid.
Angel, finish what
Modise started.
Make sure that intel gets
to every agency on the planet.
Phoenix Squad,
mission accomplished.
Time to go home.
I am proud to serve with you.
All of you.
With all due respect, B,
you can fuck right off.
You stay, I stay.
Costa Verde's the assignment
that brought us together.
It's only fair
it's the assignment
we see through to the end.
Together.
On my signal.
Go! Go! Go!
Shit!
The cavalry arrived.
Just in time.
You must be what's left
of the Phoenix squad.
- We need to move.
- Nova.
He's in the garage.
We can't leave him there.
There's two friendlies inside.
Our fallen. One's in a bunk.
The rest are in the tunnel.
We'll get them all.
You get to the vehicle.
Let's go.
God, that was close, B.
Honored you stood
by my side 'til the end.
There's no other way, brother.
He's got a pulse.
Zondi and I have a few things
we need to clean up.
Then we'll catch
the next boat out,
right after you guys.
I'm staying.
I don't know where I'm needed
more than here. Right now.
Well, it's a dangerous idea.
But I respect it.
They're lucky to have you.
Well, we,
on the other hand, can't stay.
Either one of us
gets caught here,
this becomes an international
incident real quick.
The boat will take you
a few kilometers out.
Modise's friends will be waiting
to pick you guys up.
Modise would be very proud
of you both.
I'd give you
a goodbye hug but...
I'm pretty sore in...
every general area.
I'm sorry, I... couldn't pick
that up. What did you say?
Hey... it's not an eye.
We'll meet in the future.
Definitely.
So,
what do you think about...
giving orders
instead of taking them?
Haven't had time
to process it yet.
You always say,
"Tell me what you see."
I see someone
that I would follow
into the fray
anytime, anyplace.
Hmm.
I might hold you to that.
Keep your powder dry, Zondi.
Let's get to work, Rozie.
God, you are never gonna
let that go, are you?